How to configure elasticsearch in production in HA mode?
  Complete below steps on all of your Elasticsearch servers.
  Open the Elasticsearch configuration file for editin /etc/elasticsearch/elasticsearch.yml
  
  1. Bind to VPN IP Address or Interface
    You will want to restrict outside access to your Elasticsearch instance, so outsiders can't access your data or shut down 
    your Elasticsearch cluster through the HTTP API. In other words, you must configure Elasticsearch such that it only allows 
    access to servers on your private network (VPN). To do this, we need to configure each node to bind to the VPN IP address,
    vpn_ip, or interface, "tun0".

    Find the line that specifies network.host, uncomment it, and replace its value with the respective server's VPN IP address
    (e.g. 10.0.0.1 for node01) or interface name. Because our VPN interface is named "tun0" on all of our servers,
     we can configure all of our servers with the same line:
    
     elasticsearch.yml — network.host
     network.host: [_tun0_, _local_]

     Note the addition of "_local_", which configures Elasticsearch to also listen on all loopback devices.
     This will allow you to use the Elasticsearch HTTP API locally, from each server, by sending requests to localhost.
     If you do not include this, Elasticsearch will only respond to requests to the VPN IP address.

  2.Set Cluster Name
    Next, set the name of your cluster, which will allow your Elasticsearch nodes to join and form the cluster.
    elasticsearch.yml — cluster.name
    cluster.name: production

  3.Set Node Name
    Next, we will set the name of each node. This should be a descriptive name that is unique within the cluster.
    elasticsearch.yml — node.name
    node.name: ${HOSTNAME}
  4.Set Discovery Hosts
    Next, you will need to configure an initial list of nodes that will be contacted to discover and form a cluster. 
    This is necessary in a unicast network.
    
    Find the line that specifies discovery.zen.ping.unicast.hosts and uncomment it. Replace its value with an array of strings 
    of the VPN IP addresses or hostnames (that resolve to the VPN IP addresses) of all of the other nodes.
    
    For example, if you have three servers node01, node02, and node03 with respective VPN IP addresses of 10.0.0.1, 10.0.0.2, 
    and 10.0.0.3, you could use this line:
    
    elasticsearch.yml — hosts by IP address
    discovery.zen.ping.unicast.hosts: ["10.0.0.1", "10.0.0.2", "10.0.0.3"]

    Alternatively, if all of your servers are configured with name-based resolution of their VPN IP addresses (via DNS or /etc/hosts), you could use this line:
    elasticsearch.yml — hosts by name
    discovery.zen.ping.unicast.hosts: ["node01", "node02", "node03"]
      
  5.Save and exit elasticsearch.yml.
  
  6.Start Elasticsearch
    sudo service elasticsearch restart
    
Next ,you can configure Master node,data node,control and ingest node by setting individuals node.true/false.
