-> What is elastick Search?
    Elasticsearch is a database that stores, retrieves, and manages document-oriented and semi-structured data.
    When you use Elasticsearch, you store data in JSON document form. Then, you query them for retrieval.
    It is schema-less, using some defaults to index the data unless you provide mapping as per your needs.
    Elasticsearch uses Lucene StandardAnalyzer for indexing for automatic type guessing and for high precision.


->Why we use elsatic search?
    Products that involve e-commerce and search engines with huge databases are facing issues such as product information retrieval taking
    too long. This leads to poor user experience and in turn turns off potential customers.Lag in search is attributed to the relational
    database used for the product design, where the data is scattered among multiple tables — and the successful retrieval of meaningful
    user information requires fetching the data from these tables. The relational database works comparatively slow when it comes to huge
    data and fetching search results through database queries. Businesses nowadays are looking for alternatives where the data stored to 
    promote quick retrieval. This can be achieved by adopting NoSQL rather than RDBMS for storing data.
    Elasticsearch (ES) is one such NoSQL distributed database. Elasticsearch relies on flexible data models to build and update visitor
    profiles to meet the demanding workloads and low latency required for real-time engagement.
    
->what is Concept behind using elastick search?
    Elasticsearch has its own query domain-specific language in which you specify the query in JSON format.
    You can also nest other queries based on your needs. Real-world projects require search on different fields by applying some conditions,
    different weights, recent documents, values of some predefined fields, and so on. All such complexity can be expressed through a single 
    query. The query DSL is powerful and is designed to handle real-world query complexity through a single query.
    Elasticsearch APIs are directly related to Lucene and use the same name as Lucene operations. Query DSL also uses the Lucene TermQuery 
    to execute it.
    
    
